Add Instructions for Contributing (#151)
keptn-contrib/artifacthub: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Step 2: Integration is Ready

> Please sign all commits (eg. `git commit -sm "commit message"`)

When your integration is ready and tested:

1. Fork this repository
2. Create a new branch on your fork
3. Copy the `aws_lambda` folder to use as a template
4. Rename the `aws_lambda` folder to match your integration name (eg. `myToolX`)
5. The `1.0.0` subfolder is used to version the artifact when it's a "full" Keptn service. In most cases, contributors will be leveraging the job-executor-service or the webhook service. In which case, this can be left as `1.0.0` to denote that your integration is not versioned.
6. Modify the `artifacthub-pkg.yml` file with your details.
7. Modify the `README.md` file with your instructions.
8. If you have no screenshots, you can delete the assets folder.
9. Create a PR back on the parent repo and someone will review.

## `artifacthub-pkg.yml` structure

> For the integration to be displayed correctly, the `artifacthub-pkg.yml` file needs to meet the [syntax requirements described on the AH repository](https://github.com/artifacthub/hub/blob/master/docs/metadata/artifacthub-pkg.yml). The `version`, `name`, `displayName`, `createdAt`, and `description` attributes are required by AH. Additionally to the before-mentioned attributes, it's also recommended to add the `digest` as described in more detail in the ['Update existing version of a service' section](#update-existing-version-of-a-service).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the integration to be displayed correctly, the `artifacthub-pkg.yml` file needs to meet the [syntax requirements](https://github.com/artifacthub/hub/blob/master/docs/metadata/artifacthub-pkg.yml) described on the AH repository. The `version`, `name`, `displayName`, `createdAt`, and `description` attributes are required by AH. In addition to these attributes, it's recommended to add the `digest` as described in more detail in the ['Update existing version of a service' section](#update-existing-version-of-a-service).
```

## Update existing version of a service

> For updates of an existing version to take effect on Artifacthub, the `digest` parameter needs to be updated or added to the `artifacthub-pkg.yml` file of that version. A change of the digest parameter signals the Artifacthub backend to reprocess that version. To ensure the new `digest` value is unique, we use the current date of the change with the same format as the `createdAt` argument (RFC3339).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For updates of an existing version to take effect on Artifacthub, the `digest` parameter needs to be updated or added to the `artifacthub-pkg.yml` file of that version. A change of the digest parameter signals the Artifacthub backend to reprocess that version. To ensure the new `digest` value is unique, use the current date of the change with the same format as the `createdAt` argument (RFC3339).
```

## A note on screenshots

> If you include screenshots (by convention, saved into the `assets` folder), it would be natural to include them like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you include screenshots (by convention, saved into the `assets` folder), include them like this:
```

> If you include screenshots (by convention, saved into the `assets` folder), it would be natural to include them like this:
> 
> ```
> ![an image](assets/image.jpg)
> ```
> 
> However, ArtifactHub cannot resolve relative paths so you **must** "figure out" the "real path" after the PR is merged which takes the form `https://github.com/keptn-contrib/artifacthub/{your-service-folder-name}/{version-subfolder}/assets/{image name}`. For example:
> 
> ```
> ![alt text](https://github.com/keptn-contrib/artifacthub/myToolX/1.0.0/assets/image.jpg
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Screenshots should be saved into the `assets` folder.
ArtifactHub cannot resolve relative paths so you must specify the "real path" the image will have after the PR is merged.
The path takes the form `https://github.com/keptn-contrib/artifacthub/{your-service-folder-name}/{version-subfolder}/assets/{image name}`. For example:

```
![alt text](https://github.com/keptn-contrib/artifacthub/myToolX/1.0.0/assets/image.jpg
```
I
```

## Stuck? Need Help?

> Join us on the `#help-integrations` channel on [Keptn Slack](https://slack.keptn.sh) and we will help out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Join us on the `#help-integrations` channel on [Keptn Slack](https://slack.keptn.sh) and the Keptn community will help out.
```
